README.md, before:

# Title

## Table of Contents

- [Title](#title)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [1. Description](#1-description)
  - [2. Demo](#2-demo)
  - [3. Technologies Used](#3-technologies-used)
  - [4. Features](#4-features)
  - [5. Usage](#5-usage)
  - [6. Credits](#6-credits)
  - [7. License](#7-license)

## 1. Description

The "Video Color Replacer Test" project is a small application that allows you to replace a specific color in a video, captured from your webcam, with a small square color of your choice. This project provides a simple and interactive way to experiment with color replacement techniques in real-time video footage. By selecting a target color and defining the replacement color, you can observe the immediate effects of color transformation within the video feed. It offers a fun and creative approach to exploring color manipulation in video streams.

## 2. Demo

You can see a live demo of the project at: [GitHub Pages]()

## 3. Technologies Used

- HTML
- SASS
- TypeScript

<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" title="HTML5"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/html5-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="HTML5" /></a>
<a href="https://sass-lang.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" title="SASS"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/sass-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Sass" /></a>
<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" title="TypeScript"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/typescript-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="TypeScript" /></a>

## 4. Features

- Real-time color replacement in video footage captured from the webcam.
- Select a target color and define the replacement color.
- Immediate visual feedback of color transformation within the video feed.
- Interactive and user-friendly interface for color manipulation.

## 5. Usage

To use the Paintbrush App, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository or download the source code.
2. Open the `index.html` file in a web browser.
3. Use the mouse to freely draw on the canvas.
4. Customize the brush size and color using the provided options.
5. Use the undo button to remove the last stroke or the clear button to start a new canvas.

Feel free to explore and unleash your creativity with the Paintbrush App!

## 6. Credits

This project was created by Younes Lahouiti.

## 7. License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Small fix on the README file

README.md, after:

# Title

## Table of Contents

- [Title](#title)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [1. Description](#1-description)
  - [2. Demo](#2-demo)
  - [3. Technologies Used](#3-technologies-used)
  - [4. Features](#4-features)
  - [5. Usage](#5-usage)
  - [6. Credits](#6-credits)
  - [7. License](#7-license)

## 1. Description

The "Video Color Replacer Test" project is a small application that allows you to replace a specific color in a video, captured from your webcam, with a small square color of your choice. This project provides a simple and interactive way to experiment with color replacement techniques in real-time video footage. By selecting a target color and defining the replacement color, you can observe the immediate effects of color transformation within the video feed. It offers a fun and creative approach to exploring color manipulation in video streams.

## 2. Demo

You can see a live demo of the project at: [GitHub Pages]()

## 3. Technologies Used

- HTML
- SASS
- TypeScript

<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" title="HTML5"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/html5-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="HTML5" /></a>
<a href="https://sass-lang.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" title="SASS"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/sass-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Sass" /></a>
<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" title="TypeScript"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/typescript-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="TypeScript" /></a>

## 4. Features

- Real-time color replacement in video footage captured from the webcam.
- Select a target color and define the replacement color.
- Immediate visual feedback of color transformation within the video feed.
- Interactive and user-friendly interface for color manipulation.

## 5. Usage

To use the "Video Color Replacer Test" application, follow these steps:

1. Allow access to your webcam when prompted by the browser.
2. Select a particular color in the video feed that you want to replace.
3. Choose another color that you want to replace the selected color with.
4. Observe the real-time transformation of the selected color to the replacement color in the video feed.
5. Experiment with different color combinations and see the immediate effects.
6. Enjoy exploring the creative possibilities of color replacement in video streams!

Feel free to have fun and unleash your creativity with the "Video Color Replacer Test" application!

## 6. Credits

This project was created by Younes Lahouiti.

## 7. License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
